In a cooking classroom in a certain street...
act separately
Young wives washing vegetables in the cooking classroom
Has it always been like this? Yes
always like this
that's it
Good morning
What's wrong?
Is it new?
I really want to take a picture of your cooking class
nice idea
great
let me see
It's good now
These are all ingredients
It's great, it's amazing
soon the ladies are coming
Can I help you?
OK
seems to be coming
I'll go to meet you
very nice
please come in
excuse me
Just put all the bags over there
the teacher is already there
yes please take care
Good morning
Put on your apron and come over here
OK
ok everyone
Are you ready? Yes
good morning good morning
What's this? camera?
Yes
i bought a new video camera
Why?
I really want to take a picture of everyone studying.
here is ready
real
have a look
nice shot
awesome
etc.
Got it?
so beautiful
a bit colored
but
lecherous, lecherous
what was just now
what is
it's wired
stop playing
not ready yet
to wash clean
sorry
This is so long
cucumber
what does cucumber feel like
this feeling
perfect, perfect
good feeling here
Disgusting
really disgusting
etc.
What?
washing
Cucumbers taste good when eaten raw
wash it quickly
I see
Have you washed it?
Yes Yes
What's wrong?
What does this look like?
like what?
what? how to say
so big
bigger is better
horny
all good
this will do
Cucumbers too?
great taste
horny
Disgusting
touch my hand now
what's the matter
Teacher, do it again
no no
look at the teacher's body
It's ok, let's see
nothing
no no
lie
how is it like
etc.
very bad
water hit here
I take a break
put it in
put in
How long have you been doing it?
what is that?
here, here
he is handsome
I like it very much
Really?
what does it look like?
i am twice
Will there be more to do?
won't do twice
yes
What? What?
there is none left
half a year
Really?
no
what are you talking about
so suddenly, really so suddenly
what are you doing
etc.
what are you talking about
great thing
girly thing
haven't done it for half a year
real
Haven't done it for half a year?
Really? Didn't he harden just now?
i'm so excited
just that is exciting
Yes, if you are seen
How old are you?
I am 25
Where is my sister?
i look old
very bad
no
will do it myself
Let's gather here
cooking is about to start
pack up everyone
watch your own food
Really?
go and see
then i went to wash
garbage at the door
I see
then i go first
Do you come here often?
Yes
really
it's not like that
what? What?
two months?
wash it well
like this?
terribly sorry
Can I touch it?
take it off
but
so hard
take it off
take it all off
May I?
so shy
Are you shy?
awesome
very hard
Can you take it off?
Yes
nice
very cool
Is it cool?
awesome
Let's hold it deep again
to the depths?
awesome, awesome
nice
Is it cool?
balls too
very powerful
great
have a look
look at
flow out a lot
suck again
so cool
going to cum
where to cum
where do you want
Are you going to cum?
sure
nice
going to cum
shot, shot
awesome, awesome
Did they all cum?
shot a lot
Can you lick me clean?
awesome
nice
so cool
no
great
awesome, awesome
cheer me up
Is it cool?
so much
awesome
did a great job
What?
over there, over there
doing what?
doing what
what is that?
What?
What's wrong?
haven't done it for two months
I haven't had sex with my husband for two months.
very powerful
i am surprised
I got excited after seeing that
so what
can i too
never mind
but i can't stand it
so cute
just a moment
so soft
look at this
Is it really possible?
keep it secret
why do such a thing
will not be exposed
so confidential
etc.
nice
awesome job well done
very powerful
look this way
great
Can hold it so deep
nice
very powerful
so rare
inside too
Can you lick it for me?
balls too
all
great
use your tongue well
yes, disgusting tongue
lick well
nice
It's great now
great feeling
no, cum
stick out your tongue
yes it's cool
sorry
many
Did it all come out?
sticky
Sorry, it's been a week
Is it a week?
will be heard
yes keep it secret
all shot
over there?
want to see
take it off, can you?
nice
it tastes like this
awesome, awesome
Yes Yes
this taste
Delicious
Is it the same taste?
so nostalgic
really cool
nice
great
It's disgusting to lick
haven't done it for a long time
so excited
this, this
cool?
nice
got hard
great
very powerful
nice
here?
that's cool
good feeling
nice
great
really hard
hold it again
going to cum
Why?
I want to do it too
haven't done anything yet
sorry
great, so cool
I haven't done anything yet
clean it up for you
awesome, awesome
Is it ok?
I want to have fun too
for a while?
Everyone is beautiful
so rare
Find a chat with the author
How about it? teacher
teacher
Yes
etc.
So
let's go
me?
so positive
really
come on
goodbye
then we too
let's go
Really?
goodbye
all gone
Yes
then please
So cute
so cute
then take it off
Yes
take off
nice and wet
great
don't want...
nice
no
don't want
it's going to be weird
nice
no
i can't stand it
nice
don't want...
no, no
No, it's cool
that's cool
shot, shot
that will cum
Want to cum?
I want to cum
shot, shot
stop please
stop
going to cum
Shoot...
awesome
panties are wet
great
so big
awesome
want to lick
A lot of honey comes out
Delicious
Then help you lick your balls too
Want to plug in?
I really want to get in
plugged in
No, it's cool
nice
plugged in
that's cool
inserted deep
nice
awesome, awesome
so comfortable
inserted like that
come again, come again
so comfortable
so cool
This is great too
great, cum
don't, don't
no, no
about to cum, cum
don't want
Shoot
shot, shot
no
nice
Shoot...
all shot
no
so cool
going to break
awesome
no
Shoot...
shot, shot
nice
Again
come over
Yes
What did you do just now?
What did you do with someone other than me?
what are you talking about
oral sex
I know
take it off
Is it here too?
i saw it all
so shy
What do you want me to do?
what do you want me to do
Do the same thing as everyone else
so go ahead
play me well
super cute
I just taught you how to cook
On the contrary, I really want you to eat me
Want me to eat?
very cute
Really like
Husband won't be angry?
nice
already got an erection
got bigger
Yes
also get over there
Wash the cucumbers like you just did
Like washing cucumbers?
i saw
really serious
because there is no way
Already started licking
Delicious
Is my cooking delicious?
lick well
great
was licked
use your mouth
you are amazing
I like penises
again
lick it
let me look behind
touch it too
this one?
always wanted
don't tell anyone
to say, to say
Me too
want to see boobs
Want to see it?
then take it off
take a good look
disgusting
Like it?
happy
teacher is so happy
Is it just over a bra?
no
then say take it off
please take off your bra
take it off
how to do it well
tell me how to do it
like when cooking
is that so?
So cool, is it soft?
awesome
It's great, it looks delicious
Yeah?
want to lick
Is it tasty?
So sad
Is it hard?
like a child
or teacher
teacher stop
Want to be a kid?
do it then
is it delicious? delicious
do cool things again
again?
where?
pussy
again
let me lick pussy
take it off
still want you to come to my face
awesome, awesome
fuck my penis
Disgusting
It's watery here
penis is cool
Can it be done?
Really want
Can the teacher do it?
OK
tell me
How to do it
come on faster
can't stop
came out
done
Want it?
Is it cool?
inserted deep
nice
cum
Shoot...
Shoot
nice
I love so much
this time i plug in
so comfortable
open it
Very cool, right?
great
This is inserted from the back
Can it be inserted?
plug in
nice
so comfortable
shot, shot
really great
Is it cool?
I'm cool too
don't, don't
nice
Very cool, right?
going to cum
Teacher wants to cum too
What
what? want to cum?
this penis honey
semen
want to cum
Are you going to cum?
going to cum inside
sure
Can I cum?
cum on my face
nice
Shoot
shot a lot
plug in
Want to do it too?
then do it again
but that's a bit
suddenly serious
calm down now
Come to our cooking class
I see
you are very positive
I can't stand it anymore
when i came in here
Did you do that at that time?
They all hit each other
terribly sorry
What's wrong?
so excited
It's getting hard
here?
here
if you touch like that
nice
hardened
Is it cool?
It's so cool, I want to do it again
Yes
can't you?
Prepared mind
then get ready
close your eyes
so soft
it's wired
Really?
help me take it off
Can it be taken off like this?
take it off
such a feeling
Still want to watch?
Yes
May I?
great
awesome
very nervous
really big
OK
can i take it off
touch it
great, big
Wanna see?
I can't see it
nice
very beautiful
Really?
Disgusting
Because of the nasty boobs?
touch here too
Disgusting
nice
stick out tongue
Is this cool?
nice
wet
Where is it?
here
wet
getting hot
then take it off
Can it be done?
Is it cool?
yes, great
bigger
no, no
nice
Where is it cool?
here?
Is that so?
lick well
cool?
awesome, got big
awesome
cool?
so hard
great, so cool
It's great, I really want to see it
can i take it off too
panties too?
very wet
your panties too
great
Is that so?
so shy
Watery
no, so shy
come again, come again
no, no
Shoot
Shoot...
don't, don't
Shoot
Watery
hold it
lascivious
please help me
nice
Is it cool?
make saliva
so comfortable
nice
so cool
awesome, awesome
so excited
great
what's coming out
What's coming out?
awesome
cool?
so cool, so cool
so comfortable
Can you do it for me with your feet?
sure
it's here
Is that so?
Yes
So hot
is it hot?
awesome and hard
So hot
Amazing
great, what's coming out
flowed out
Is it cool?
cool?
Great, hit the clitoris
nice
so comfortable
great, you know?
do you know?
touched the clitoris
so comfortable
so cool, so cool
turn around?
Is that so?
Yes
great
awesome
so hard
I want to cum
plug in
Can it be inserted?
awesome, awesome
great, big
do you know?
Yes
Is it plugged in?
awesome, big
nice
so comfortable
so cool
so cool, so cool
inserted deep
nice
Pussy is so cool
awesome, awesome
nice
Pussy is so cool
so comfortable
nice
awesome
This time I inserted it from here
have a look
great, so cool
great, met
awesome, awesome
nice
don't, don't
awesome, awesome
nice
so comfortable
did you see it?
all plugged in
inserted deep
Amazing
so comfortable
nice
cool?
really great
Awesome, it's all plugged in
nice
so comfortable
plug in
awesome
come in again
again
great
nice
awesome, awesome
so comfortable
plug in
going to cum again
Are you going to cum?
so shy
that will cum
don't, don't
so shy
It's watery
great
Yes, all up
so good, so hard
inserted deep
again
nice
great
awesome
come in again
all in
deep in, deep in
plugged in
nice
really cool
plug in
great
nice
plug in
inserted deep
Great, come again
again
so strange
Let's shoot together
let's shoot together
nice
Let's shoot together
cum... cum
many
do it again